Traffik (2018)



Plot
A couple off for a romantic weekend in the mountains are accosted by a biker gang. Alone in the mountains| Brea and John must defend themselves against the gang| who will stop at nothing to protect their secrets.


Genres
Thriller

------------------------

Dream Big: Engineering Our World (2017)

Year:	2017
PPlot
Narrated by Academy Award® winner Jeff Bridges| DREAM BIG: Engineering Our World is a first film of its kind for IMAX® and giant screen theaters that will transform how we think about engineering. From the Great Wall of China and the world's tallest buildings to underwater robots| solar cars and smart| sustainable cities| DREAM BIG celebrates the human ingenuity behind engineering marvels big and small| and shows how engineers push the limits of innovation in unexpected and amazing ways. With its inspiring stories of human grit and aspiration| and extraordinary visuals for the world's largest screens| DREAM BIG reveals the compassion and creativity that drive engineers to create better lives for people and a more sustainable future for us all. DREAM BIG is a MacGillivray Freeman film produced in partnership with American Society of Civil Engineers and presented by Bechtel Corporation.
Genres
Documentary , Short

------------------------------
5th Passenger (2018)

Year:	2018
Plot:	The year: 2151. In the aftermath of an oppressive class war| Miller| a pregnant officer aboard an escape pod must struggle to survive with her remaining crew when a
mysterious and vicious life form attacks| determined to become the dominant species.

Genres:	Sci-Fi

------------------------------

The Legacy of a Whitetail Deer Hunter (2018)

Plot
The great hunter Buck Ferguson (Josh Brolin) and his trusted cameraman Don (Danny McBride) set out for an epic weekend adventure to reconnect with Buck's young son (Montana Jordan).
Genres
Comedy


------------------------

Game Night

Plot
Six close friends meet each week for a game night involving board games| charades and pop culture trivia quizzes. Being the most competitive of the bunch| Max and his wife Annie| who seem to be a perfect match in every way| usually win every time. However| their marriage is on rocky ground as Annie fears that Max doesn't want to have children. When Max's shady brother Brooks reappears after a long mysterious absence and suggests that they have their next gathering at his place| no one expects that their weekly game night is about to go to the next level as Brooks organizes a full blown murder mystery party complete with actors as criminals and cops for them. However| when Brooks is violently kidnapped in front of everyone| it turns out that the game is all too real. Now| Max| Annie| their womanizing dimwitted friend Ryan| his domineering Irish date Sarah| and their childhood friends Michelle and her husband Kevin| who's obsessed with finding out with which mysterious celebrity ...
Genres
Action , Comedy , Crime , Mystery , Thriller


---------------------------------

Black Panther

Year:	2018
Plot:	After the events of Captain America: Civil War| King T'Challa returns home to the reclusive| technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his
country's new leader. However| T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne from factions within his own country. When two foes conspire to destroy
Wakanda| the hero known as Black Panther must team up with C.I.A. agent Everett K. Ross and members of the Dora Milaje| Wakandan special forces| to prevent Wakanda
from being dragged into a world war.

Genres:	Action , Adventure , Sci-Fi

-----------------------------------

Isle of Dogs

Year:	2018
Plot:	An outbreak of dog flu has spread through the city of Megasaki| Japan| and Mayor Kobayashi has demanded all dogs to be sent to Trash Island. On the island| a young
boy named Atari sets out to find his lost dog| Spots| with the help of five other dogs... with many obstacles along the way.

Genre: Drama

------------

November

Year:	2017
Plot:	"November" is based on Estonian novel "Rehepapp" by Andrus Kivirähk| a bestseller of the last twenty years. The film is a mixture of magic| black humor and romantic
love. The story is set in a pagan Estonian village where werewolves| the plague| and spirits roam. The villagers' main problem is how to survive the cold| dark
winter. And| to that aim| nothing is taboo. People steal from each other| from their German manor lords| and from spirits| the devil| and Christ. To guard their
souls| they'll give them away to thieving creatures made of wood and metal called kratts| who help their masters by stealing more. They steal even if their barns are
already overflowing. Stealing is an obsession that makes the villagers more and more like the soulless creatures they command| the kratts. The main character of the
film is a young farm girl named Liina who is hopelessly and forlornly in love with a village boy named Hans. Her longing makes the girl become a werewolf and jump
into an ice-cold ...

Genre: Drama

---------------

A Quite Place

Year:	2018
Plot:	Two parents do what it takes to keep their children safe in a world full of creatures hunting every sound they can hear. Not a sound can be heard from the family
hiding in silence| but all it takes is one noise and everything can go wrong.


-------------------

Let the sunshine in

Plot
Isabelle| Parisian artist| divorced mother| is looking for love| true love at last.
Genres
Comedy , Drama , Romance

-----------------------

The Endless

Year:	2017
Plot:	This mind-bending thriller follows two brothers who receive a cryptic video message inspiring them to revisit the UFO death cult they escaped a decade earlier.
Hoping to find the closure that they couldn't as young men| they're forced to reconsider the cult's beliefs when confronted with unexplainable phenomena surrounding
the camp. As the members prepare for the coming of a mysterious event| the brothers race to unravel the seemingly impossible truth before their lives become
permanently entangled with the cult.

Genre: SciFi
------------------------


Paddington 2

Year:	2017
Plot:	Paddington is happily settled with the Brown family in Windsor Gardens| where he has become a popular member of the community| spreading joy and marmalade wherever
he goes. While searching for the perfect present for his beloved Aunt Lucy's 100th birthday| Paddington spots a unique pop-up book in Mr. Gruber's antique shop| and
embarks upon a series of odd jobs to buy it. But when the book is stolen| it's up to Paddington and the Browns to unmask the thief.

Genre: Adventure

--------------------------


Annihilation

Year:	2018
Plot:	A biologist's husband disappears. She puts her name forward for an expedition into an environmental disaster zone| but does not find what she's expecting. The
expedition team is made up of the biologist| an anthropologist| a psychologist| a surveyor| and a linguist.

Genre: Thriller


---------------------------

Avengers Age of Ultron (2015)

Year:	2015
Plot:	Tony Stark creates the Ultron Program to protect the world| but when the peacekeeping program becomes hostile| The Avengers go into action to try and defeat a
virtually impossible enemy together. Earth's mightiest heroes must come together once again to protect the world from global extinction.

Genre: Action

-------------

Deadpool

Year:	2016
Plot:	This is the origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson| who after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with
accelerated healing powers| adopts the alter ego Deadpool. Armed with his new abilities and a dark| twisted sense of humor| Deadpool hunts down the man who nearly
destroyed his life.

Genre: Action

-------

A Quiet Place 

A Quiet Place is a 2018 American horror film directed by John Krasinski, who stars with Emily Blunt, his real-life wife. The film is produced by Michael Bay's

2018 ‧ Drama/Science fiction 

-------
Disobedience

New York photographer Ronit Krushka flies to London after learning about the death of her estranged father. Ronit is returning to the same Orthodox Jewish community that shunned her decades earlier for her childhood attraction to Esti, a female friend. 

2017 ‧ Drama/Romance


----------

Let the Sunshine In

Following Isabelle, a middle-aged Parisian artist and divorced mother, as she looks for love and meets different characters.

2017 ‧ Drama/Romance

----------

Rampage

Global icon Dwayne Johnson headlines the action adventure “Rampage,” directed by Brad Peyton. Johnson stars as primatologist Davis Okoye, a man who keeps people at a distance but shares an unshakable bond with George, the extraordinarily intelligent, incredibly rare albino silverback gorilla who has been in his care since he rescued the young orphan from poachers. But a rogue genetic experiment gone awry mutates this gentle ape into a raging creature of enormous size. 

2018 ‧ Science fiction film/Action 

----------


